Update Virtual Machine (VM) documentation (#8981)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deployment-options/virtual-machine/virtual-machine.rst

Reviewer: Table heading has changed

.. meta::

>    :description: The pre-built Wazuh Virtual Machine includes all Wazuh components ready-to-use. Test all Wazuh capabilities with our OVA.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Wazuh provides a pre-built virtual machine image in Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) format.  It includes the Amazon Linux 2023 operating system and the Wazuh central components.
```

Virtual Machine (OVA)
=====================

Wazuh provides a pre-built virtual machine image in Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) format.  It includes the Amazon Linux 2023 operating system and the Wazuh central components.

-  Wazuh manager |WAZUH_CURRENT_OVA|
-  Filebeat-OSS |FILEBEAT_LATEST_OVA|
-  Wazuh indexer |WAZUH_CURRENT_OVA|
-  Wazuh dashboard |WAZUH_CURRENT_OVA|

You can import the Wazuh virtual machine image to VirtualBox or other OVA-compatible virtualization systems. This VM runs only on 64-bit systems with x86_64/AMD64 architecture. It does not provide high availability or scalability out of the box. However, you can implement these using :doc:`distributed deployment </installation-guide/index>`.

Download the `virtual appliance (OVA) <https://packages.wazuh.com/|WAZUH_CURRENT_MAJOR_OVA|/vm/wazuh-|WAZUH_CURRENT_OVA|.ova>`_.

Open Virtual Appliances

> -----------------------

Reviewer: Sub-title has been removed
